Qianqian, I'm going on a business trip these days.
I'll be back in two days to surprise you. Okay.
cautious
I bought a tie when I was shopping these two days
I don't know if you will like it.
Like to bring it to me
cautious
you
Do you like me?
I'm talking about who I am now.
What do you say, be quiet?
You are my wife, my fiancee
How could you not like it?
The rope is a bit long.
Get you
The jade pendant is really quiet here
Is that okay?
This pendant looks expensive.
Just put it under your clothes.
So beautiful
Qingqing, do you think
The girl named Warm in your family
The child looks just like you
No, don't you know who we are?
I'm going to miss the plane.
Go away, I'll wait for you to come back.
Lu Caution is waiting for you to come back
The current period you like will also come back.
And I will do as you wish
Disappear before your eyes